Update java sdk docs (#654)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/java/getting-started.md

# Getting started

In this guide we will demonstrate how to:

1. Connect to the zkSync network.
2. Deposit assets from Ethereum into zkSync.
3. Check balances.
4. Transfer and withdraw funds (native and ERC20 tokens).
5. Deploy a smart contract.
6. Deploy a smart contract with `create2`.

## Prerequisites

This guide assumes that you are familiar with the basics of [Java](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/) programming language.

## Dependency

For connecting ZkSync2 library just add the following dependency to your build file.

Maven `pom.xml`

```xml
<project>
  ...
  <dependencies>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>io.zksync</groupId>
      <artifactId>zksync2</artifactId>
      <version>0.1.1</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>org.web3j</groupId>
      <artifactId>core</artifactId>
      <version>4.9.7</version>
    </dependency>
  </dependencies>
</project>
```

Gradle `build.gradle`

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation "io.zksync:zksync2:0.1.1"
}

> ```

Reviewer: if these are two different options to install it, we can use :::code-tabs

Author: Yes they are two different options. I have tried that but the problem is that they are not marked so if I try to use @tab dependencies its not working

public class Main {
    public static void main(String ...args) {

>         long chainId = 123L;// Chainid of the ZkSync Era network

Reviewer: please mention the chain ids for testnet and mainnet in a tip right below this script

        ZkSyncWallet wallet = new ZkSyncWallet(zksync, signer, Token.ETH);
    }
}
```

> ## Transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```
To follow the same structure as the Go and Python SDKs

ZkSync2 supports Ethereum's `Legacy` and `EIP-1155` transactions, except for deploying contracts.

> ### EIP712

Reviewer: this h3 has no content?

Author: That should be deleted

## Deploy contract

With zkSync Era, you can deploy a contract, using the `create` method, by transforming the contract into binary and deploying it to the zkSync Era network.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find below some smart contract examples below:
```

        ZkSyncWallet wallet = new ZkSyncWallet(zksync, signer, Token.ETH);
    }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

### Transactions

ZkSync2 supports Ethereum's `Legacy` and `EIP-1155` transactions, except for deploying contracts.

### Deploy contract

With zkSync Era, you can deploy a contract, using the `create` method, by transforming the contract into binary and deploying it to the zkSync Era network.

> Find below some smart contract examples below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find below some smart contract examples:
```

- [Storage](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/blob/master/examples/solidity/storage/Storage.sol): Contract without constructor.
- [Incrementer](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/blob/master/examples/solidity/incrementer/Incrementer.sol): Contract with constructor.
- [Demo](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/blob/master/examples/solidity/demo/Demo.sol): Contract that has a dependency on
  [Foo](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/blob/master/examples/solidity/demo/Foo.sol) contract.

There is a [user guide](https://github.com/zksync-sdk/zksync2-python/blob/master/examples/README.md) on how to compile Solidity smart contracts using the `zksolc`

> compiler. `zksolc` compiler generates a `combined.json` file that contains the bytecode and ABI of a smart contract. Those files are used in the following examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler generates a `combined.json` file that contains the bytecode and ABI of a smart contract. Those files are used in the following examples.
```

import io.zksync.transaction.response.ZkSyncTransactionReceiptProcessor;

import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.TransactionReceipt;
import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.EthSendTransaction;
import org.web3j.protocol.exceptions.TransactionException;
import org.web3j.utils.Numeric;

import java.io.IOException;
import java.math.BigInteger;

import static io.zksync.transaction.manager.ZkSyncTransactionManager.DEFAULT_POLLING_ATTEMPTS_PER_TX_HASH;
import static io.zksync.transaction.manager.ZkSyncTransactionManager.DEFAULT_POLLING_FREQUENCY;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) throws IOException, TransactionException {
    ZkSync zksync; // Initialize client
    EthSigner signer; // Initialize signer
    ZkSyncTransactionReceiptProcessor processor = new ZkSyncTransactionReceiptProcessor(zksync, DEFAULT_POLLING_FREQUENCY, DEFAULT_POLLING_ATTEMPTS_PER_TX_HASH);

    BigInteger chainId = zksync.ethChainId().send().getChainId();

    BigInteger nonce = zksync
      .ethGetTransactionCount(signer.getAddress(), ZkBlockParameterName.COMMITTED).send()
      .getTransactionCount();

    String contractAddress = "0x<contract_address>";

>     String calldata = "0x<calldata>"; // Here is an encoded contract function

Reviewer: how do I encode the calldata?

  }
}
```

### Finalize Withdraw

```java
import io.zksync.protocol.ZkSync;
import io.zksync.protocol.provider.EthereumProvider;
import org.web3j.crypto.Credentials;
import org.web3j.protocol.Web3j;
import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.TransactionReceipt;
import org.web3j.tx.RawTransactionManager;
import org.web3j.tx.TransactionManager;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.ContractGasProvider;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.StaticGasProvider;

import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) {
    Web3j web3j; //Initialize web3j
    ZkSync zksync; //Initialize zksync
    Credentials credentials; //Initialize credentials
    BigInteger chainId; //Initialize chainId

    TransactionManager manager = new RawTransactionManager(web3j, credentials, chainId.longValue());
    BigInteger gasPrice = web3j.ethGasPrice().send().getGasPrice();
    ContractGasProvider gasProvider = new StaticGasProvider(gasPrice, BigInteger.valueOf(300_000L));
    TransactionReceipt receipt = EthereumProvider
      .load(zksync, web3j, manager, gasProvider).join()
      .finalizeWithdraw("TRANSACTION_HASH", 0);
  }
}
```

> ## Wallet

Reviewer: maybe this can be removed as we have "## zkSync Era wallet" at the begining?

Author: Makes sense

## Contract interaction using wrapper

### Fee

> #### Get price of the transaction execution (currently not wokring properly)

Reviewer: we have 3 titles here. If this script and the next one are related to Fees, let's just group them under an h3 "Calculate transaction fees"

Author: Maybe it will be a bit more noticeable like this :
> **Warning:** Feature currently unsupported. Under development

      .getTransactionCount();

    Transaction estimate = Transaction.createFunctionCallTransaction(
      signer.getAddress(),
      "0x<receiver_address>",
      BigInteger.ZERO,
      BigInteger.ZERO,
      amountInWei,
      "0x"
    );

    ZkTransactionFeeProvider feeProvider = new DefaultTransactionFeeProvider(zksync, Token.ETH);

    Transaction712 transaction = new Transaction712(
      chainId.longValue(),
      nonce,
      feeProvider.getGasLimit(estimate),
      estimate.getTo(),
      estimate.getValueNumber(),
      estimate.getData(),
      BigInteger.valueOf(100000000L),
      feeProvider.getGasPrice(),
      signer.getAddress(),
      estimate.getEip712Meta()
    );

    String signature = signer.getDomain().thenCompose(domain -> signer.signTypedData(domain, transaction)).join();
    byte[] message = TransactionEncoder.encode(transaction, TransactionEncoder.getSignatureData(signature));

    EthSendTransaction sent = zksync.ethSendRawTransaction(Numeric.toHexString(message)).send();

    TransactionReceipt receipt = processor.waitForTransactionReceipt(sent.getResult());
  }
}
```

> #### Transfer funds (ERC20 tokens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Transfer ERC20 tokens
```

      estimate.getEip712Meta()
    );

    String signature = signer.getDomain().thenCompose(domain -> signer.signTypedData(domain, transaction)).join();
    byte[] message = TransactionEncoder.encode(transaction, TransactionEncoder.getSignatureData(signature));

    EthSendTransaction sent = zksync.ethSendRawTransaction(Numeric.toHexString(message)).send();

    TransactionReceipt receipt = processor.waitForTransactionReceipt(sent.getResult());
  }
}
```

#### Transfer funds via ZkSyncWallet

```java
import io.zksync.ZkSyncWallet;
import io.zksync.protocol.core.Token;
import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.TransactionReceipt;

import java.math.BigDecimal;
import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) throws Exception {
    ZkSyncWallet wallet; // Initialize wallet

    BigInteger amount = Token.ETH.toBigInteger(0.5);

    TransactionReceipt receipt = wallet.transfer("0x<receiver_address>", amount).send();

    //You can check balance
    BigInteger balance = wallet.getBalance().send();

    //Also, you can convert amount number to decimal
    BigDecimal decimalBalance = Token.ETH.intoDecimal(balance);
  }
}
```

### Deposit

> #### Deposit founds (native coins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deposit ETH
```

import org.web3j.tx.gas.ContractGasProvider;
import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.TransactionReceipt;
import io.zksync.protocol.core.Token;
import io.zksync.protocol.provider.EthereumProvider;
import org.web3j.protocol.Web3j;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.StaticGasProvider;
import org.web3j.utils.Convert;

import java.io.IOException;
import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) throws IOException {
    ZkSync zksync; // Initialize client
    Web3j web3j; // Initialize web3j client
    Credentials credentials; // Initialize credentials
    BigInteger chainId; // Initialize chainId

    TransactionManager manager = new RawTransactionManager(web3j, credentials, chainId.longValue());
    BigInteger gasPrice = web3j.ethGasPrice().send().getGasPrice();
    ContractGasProvider gasProvider = new StaticGasProvider(gasPrice, BigInteger.valueOf(300_000L));
    TransactionReceipt receipt = EthereumProvider
      .load(zksync, web3j, manager, gasProvider).join()
      .deposit(Token.ETH, Convert.toWei("0.001", Convert.Unit.ETHER).toBigInteger(), BigInteger.ZERO, credentials.getAddress()).join();

    System.out.println(receipt);
  }
}
```

> #### Deposit founds (ERC20 tokens)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Deposit ERC20 tokens
```

import io.zksync.protocol.core.Token;
import io.zksync.protocol.provider.EthereumProvider;
import org.web3j.protocol.Web3j;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.StaticGasProvider;
import org.web3j.utils.Convert;

import java.io.IOException;
import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) throws IOException {
    ZkSync zksync; // Initialize client
    Web3j web3j; // Initialize web3j client
    Credentials credentials; // Initialize credentials
    BigInteger chainId; // Initialize chainId
    Token token = new Token("L1_ADDRESS", "L2_ADDRESS", "SYMBOL", 18);

    TransactionManager manager = new RawTransactionManager(web3j, credentials, chainId.longValue());
    BigInteger gasPrice = web3j.ethGasPrice().send().getGasPrice();
    ContractGasProvider gasProvider = new StaticGasProvider(gasPrice, BigInteger.valueOf(300_000L));
    TransactionReceipt receipt = EthereumProvider
      .load(zksync, web3j, manager, gasProvider).join()
      .deposit(token, Convert.toWei("0.001", Convert.Unit.ETHER).toBigInteger(), BigInteger.ZERO, credentials.getAddress()).join();

    System.out.println(receipt);
  }
}
```

### Withdraw

> #### Withdraw funds (native coins)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Withdraw ETH
```

  }
}
```

#### Finalize Withdraw

```java
import io.zksync.protocol.ZkSync;
import io.zksync.protocol.provider.EthereumProvider;
import org.web3j.crypto.Credentials;
import org.web3j.protocol.Web3j;
import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.TransactionReceipt;
import org.web3j.tx.RawTransactionManager;
import org.web3j.tx.TransactionManager;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.ContractGasProvider;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.StaticGasProvider;

import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) {
    Web3j web3j; //Initialize web3j
    ZkSync zksync; //Initialize zksync
    Credentials credentials; //Initialize credentials
    BigInteger chainId; //Initialize chainId

    TransactionManager manager = new RawTransactionManager(web3j, credentials, chainId.longValue());
    BigInteger gasPrice = web3j.ethGasPrice().send().getGasPrice();
    ContractGasProvider gasProvider = new StaticGasProvider(gasPrice, BigInteger.valueOf(300_000L));
    TransactionReceipt receipt = EthereumProvider
      .load(zksync, web3j, manager, gasProvider).join()
      .finalizeWithdraw("TRANSACTION_HASH", 0);
  }
}
```

> ### Calculate transaction fees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Estimate transaction fee
```

> #### Get price of the transaction execution (currently not wokring properly)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calculate the price of executing a transaction on chain.
```
I think this should not be a title

::: warning
Feature currently unsupported. Under development
:::

```java
import io.zksync.methods.request.Transaction;
import io.zksync.protocol.ZkSync;
import io.zksync.transaction.fee.Fee;

import java.io.IOException;
import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) throws IOException {
    ZkSync zksync; // Initialize client

    Transaction forEstimate; // Create transaction as described above

    Fee fee = zksync.zksEstimateFee(forEstimate).send().getResult();

    // Also possible to use eth_estimateGas
    BigInteger gasUsed = zksync.ethEstimateGas(forEstimate).send().getAmountUsed();
  }
}
```

> ### Get fee via TransactionFeeProvider

Reviewer: if this method of estimating a fee is working properly, let's move it before the other one that currently does not work.

  }
}
```

#### Finalize Withdraw

```java
import io.zksync.protocol.ZkSync;
import io.zksync.protocol.provider.EthereumProvider;
import org.web3j.crypto.Credentials;
import org.web3j.protocol.Web3j;
import org.web3j.protocol.core.methods.response.TransactionReceipt;
import org.web3j.tx.RawTransactionManager;
import org.web3j.tx.TransactionManager;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.ContractGasProvider;
import org.web3j.tx.gas.StaticGasProvider;

import java.math.BigInteger;

public class Main {
  public static void main(String... args) {
    Web3j web3j; //Initialize web3j
    ZkSync zksync; //Initialize zksync
    Credentials credentials; //Initialize credentials
    BigInteger chainId; //Initialize chainId

    TransactionManager manager = new RawTransactionManager(web3j, credentials, chainId.longValue());
    BigInteger gasPrice = web3j.ethGasPrice().send().getGasPrice();
    ContractGasProvider gasProvider = new StaticGasProvider(gasPrice, BigInteger.valueOf(300_000L));
    TransactionReceipt receipt = EthereumProvider
      .load(zksync, web3j, manager, gasProvider).join()
      .finalizeWithdraw("TRANSACTION_HASH", 0);
  }
}
```

### Estimate transaction fee

> 

Author: I accidently deleted that method while switching places so that one not working properly is bellow
